Remove outdated docs from lisk sdk - Closes 1655 (#1671)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* Consensus algorithm: *xref:{url_dpos}[Lisk DPoS] & xref:{url_bft}[Lisk BFT]*
* Completely modular: Configure, exchange, or extend any of the blockchain-related logic in the application with *xref:{url_introduction_modules}[] and xref:{url_introduction_plugins}[]*.
* *Convenient development tools*:
//** xref:{url_references_commander}[Lisk Commander]:
** Lisk Commander:
// *** xref:{url_guides_setup_bootstrapping}[Bootstrap] 
*** Bootstrap a complete, default blockchain application with a single command.
*** Generate skeletons for modules, assets, and plugins.
*** Use the Lisk SDK libraries directly in the terminal via the interactive Lisk console.
*** Many other convenient CLI tools such as creating accounts, encrypting passphrases/messages, and more.
// ** xref:{url_references_dashboard_plugin}[]:
Dashboard Plugin: Communicate conveniently with your blockchain application during development via a dashboard.
// ** xref:{url_references_test_suite}[SDK testing utilities]:

> ** SDK testing utilities: simplifies the testing of all components of a blockchain application by providing dedicated fixtures, mocks, and utility functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** SDK testing utilities: simplifies the testing of all components of a blockchain application by providing dedicated fixtures, mock-ups, and utility functions.
```

[width="100%",cols="23%,77%",options="header",]
|===
| Component | Description
| Lisk Framework | Lisk Framework is an application framework responsible for establishing and maintaining the interactions between the different components of a blockchain application.
// xref:{url_references_framework}[Lisk Framework] 

| Lisk Elements | Lisk Elements is a collection of libraries, each of which implements a certain type of blockchain application functionality such as cryptography, transactions, p2p, etc.
Each library of Lisk Elements is also published as NPM package, and can be installed separately, if needed.
For more information about Lisk Protocol, see {url_protocol_lips}[Lisk Improvement Proposals].
// xref:{url_references_elements}[Lisk Elements]

| Lisk Commander | Lisk Commander is a command line tool that provides various commands to simplify the development and management of blockchain applications.

> For example, it allows to xref:{url_guides_setup}[bootstrap] a complete blockchain application with just one command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, it allows the user to xref:{url_guides_setup}[bootstrap] a complete blockchain application with just one command.
```
